README.md, before:

# codenight-developers
A list of CodeNight Telegram Group Developer

## Table of Contents

- [Python Developers](#python-developers)
- [JavaScript Developers](#javascript-developers)
- [Java Developers](#java-developers)
- [C++ Developers](#c-developers)
- [Ruby Developers](#ruby-developers)
- [Go Developers](#go-developers)

## Python Developers

### Developer 1
- **Name:** Temkin Mengistu
- **GitHub:** [Chapi Menge](https://github.com/chapimenge3)
- **Website:** https://chapimenge.com
- **Bio:** Chapi is a Python backend developer and AWS aficionado. With 4+ years of experience in Serverless, Django, API development, and Automation Development. Quality, scalability, and serverless magic are my specialties. Let's create something awesome together! 😄✨.


<!-- ### Developer 2
- **Name:** Jane Smith
- **GitHub:** [janesmith](https://github.com/janesmith)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Python development. -->

<!-- Add more Python developers as needed -->

## JavaScript Developers

### Developer 1
- **Name:** Bereket Engida
- **GitHub:** [Bekacru](https://github.com/Bekacru)
- **Bio:** _

<!-- ### Developer 2
- **Name:** Emily Davis
- **GitHub:** [emilydavis](https://github.com/emilydavis)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in JavaScript development. -->

<!-- Add more JavaScript developers as needed -->

## Java Developers
<!-- 
### Developer 1
- **Name:** Michael Brown
- **GitHub:** [michaelbrown](https://github.com/michaelbrown)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Java development.

### Developer 2
- **Name:** Sarah Lee
- **GitHub:** [sarahlee](https://github.com/sarahlee)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Java development. -->

<!-- Add more Java developers as needed -->

## C++ Developers

<!-- ### Developer 1
- **Name:** Ryan Clark
- **GitHub:** [ryanclark](https://github.com/ryanclark)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in C++ development.

### Developer 2
- **Name:** Olivia Turner
- **GitHub:** [oliviaturner](https://github.com/oliviaturner)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in C++ development. -->

<!-- Add more C++ developers as needed -->

## Ruby Developers

<!-- ### Developer 1
- **Name:** William Garcia
- **GitHub:** [williamgarcia](https://github.com/williamgarcia)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Ruby development.

### Developer 2
- **Name:** Sophia Patel
- **GitHub:** [sophiapatel](https://github.com/sophiapatel)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Ruby development. -->

<!-- Add more Ruby developers as needed -->

## Go Developers

<!-- ### Developer 1
- **Name:** Ethan Martinez
- **GitHub:** [ethanmartinez](https://github.com/ethanmartinez)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Go development.

### Developer 2
- **Name:** Mia Wilson
- **GitHub:** [miawilson](https://github.com/miawilson)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Go development. -->

<!-- Add more Go developers as needed -->

Commit message:

feat: bereket engida bio update

README.md, after:

# codenight-developers
A list of CodeNight Telegram Group Developer

## Table of Contents

- [Python Developers](#python-developers)
- [JavaScript Developers](#javascript-developers)
- [Java Developers](#java-developers)
- [C++ Developers](#c-developers)
- [Ruby Developers](#ruby-developers)
- [Go Developers](#go-developers)

## Python Developers

### Developer 1
- **Name:** Temkin Mengistu
- **GitHub:** [Chapi Menge](https://github.com/chapimenge3)
- **Website:** https://chapimenge.com
- **Bio:** Chapi is a Python backend developer and AWS aficionado. With 4+ years of experience in Serverless, Django, API development, and Automation Development. Quality, scalability, and serverless magic are my specialties. Let's create something awesome together! 😄✨.


<!-- ### Developer 2
- **Name:** Jane Smith
- **GitHub:** [janesmith](https://github.com/janesmith)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Python development. -->

<!-- Add more Python developers as needed -->

## JavaScript Developers

### Developer 1
- **Name:** Bereket Engida
- **GitHub:** [Bekacru](https://github.com/Bekacru)
- **Bio:** Bereket Engida is a full stack developer based on Addis Ababa. With a passion for building digital services/things he likes to make. He has a knack for all sort of things from coming up with unique ideas, to launching products, planning and designing and for all the way to solving real-life problems using {code}. When he is not coding or online, he enjoys making music, and performing musical instruments.

<!-- ### Developer 2
- **Name:** Emily Davis
- **GitHub:** [emilydavis](https://github.com/emilydavis)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in JavaScript development. -->

<!-- Add more JavaScript developers as needed -->

## Java Developers
<!-- 
### Developer 1
- **Name:** Michael Brown
- **GitHub:** [michaelbrown](https://github.com/michaelbrown)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Java development.

### Developer 2
- **Name:** Sarah Lee
- **GitHub:** [sarahlee](https://github.com/sarahlee)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Java development. -->

<!-- Add more Java developers as needed -->

## C++ Developers

<!-- ### Developer 1
- **Name:** Ryan Clark
- **GitHub:** [ryanclark](https://github.com/ryanclark)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in C++ development.

### Developer 2
- **Name:** Olivia Turner
- **GitHub:** [oliviaturner](https://github.com/oliviaturner)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in C++ development. -->

<!-- Add more C++ developers as needed -->

## Ruby Developers

<!-- ### Developer 1
- **Name:** William Garcia
- **GitHub:** [williamgarcia](https://github.com/williamgarcia)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Ruby development.

### Developer 2
- **Name:** Sophia Patel
- **GitHub:** [sophiapatel](https://github.com/sophiapatel)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Ruby development. -->

<!-- Add more Ruby developers as needed -->

## Go Developers

<!-- ### Developer 1
- **Name:** Ethan Martinez
- **GitHub:** [ethanmartinez](https://github.com/ethanmartinez)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Go development.

### Developer 2
- **Name:** Mia Wilson
- **GitHub:** [miawilson](https://github.com/miawilson)
- **Bio:** Brief description or specialties in Go development. -->

<!-- Add more Go developers as needed -->
